# Neighborly
Living Quality Rating of Dutch Municipals

##Introduction 

In the past moving to a new place was a horrid experience, you had no idea what the neighborhood was  nor what people thought about it. You had no information about the crime­rate, or the reachability.  Nowadays, when you move to a new house or room you can find all sorts of information online in different  places. For crime­rates in the Netherlands you can go to the website of Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek  (CBS). It is a simple matter of picking your town and the requested information will be visible. To get  up­to­date hearsay about your town, you can go to Twitter and search your town’s name and again the  information is visible. You can imagine that finding all those kinds of information can be cumbersome and  incomplete. A centralized website with all that information concentrated in one clearly designed page  would be a better experience.  As for integrating all the available information, some scoring scheme could be used here. For  example, a neighborhood could get a score between 1 and 5 stars depending on its rating. If the  neighborhood scores good in multiple sections such as reachability and crime­rate, it will get a better  overall rating. All the information needs to be downloaded to a single hosted database to perform rating  actions on it. For some data, periodical updating of the database is necessary (crime­rate). Tweets from  Twitter can be shown as a stream next to your given town.
